Great place to eat. Met my cousins in London as they came from the US and we came across Faro. The starters were great and the truffle pasta was amazing! It was rich but worth it. We all shared the chocolate lava cake and it was yummy! The ice served with it was delicious. Highly highly recommended!!
I recently saw quite a few videos on Instagram about this place and have also walked past it multiple times so I thought I would finally give it a try to see what my verdict would be. I came here on a Sunday night with a friend for an early dinner and we had booked a table before. As soon as we got to the entrance the receptionist greeted us with a friendly smile and let us choose between two tables so we naturally went for the one at the corner next to the bar table for some privacy.

We ordered the fresh truffle pasta and pizza Margherita. My friend is vegetarian and she was very happy and impressed to see that there were so many veggie options on the menu, so this is a great place for vegetarians. The truffle pasta was just as promoted in those Instagram videos - REALLY delicious with a strong truffle taste. What we enjoyed the most about this dish was how cream wasn't used in the sauce and yet the truffle taste was so rich and strong you could taste it in every single bite. We both thought this was probably the best truffle pasta we have had in London so far, second best would be Flour and Grape (it's slightly more creamy). It's definitely reflected in the price charged as well so glad to see that it was value for money in a way! Pizza Margherita was really good as well, I loved the thick crust which was also crispy and a little chewy, just how I like my pizza. It's a simple dish but one that satisfied us fully.

Waiter who served us the evening was extremely polite and friendly. We had a really good all-round experience at the restaurant. I am definitely coming back soon to try the other things on the menu!
I booked a table at Faros, very last minute and at the end of the day and i was so glad that a table was available for me to treat my partner.

I booked through OpenTable and it was quick and seemless. I needed to ask the restaurant a question, and did this through OpenTable as well. I wasnt expecting a reply in time as it was so very last minute. But they did reply. So i was very happy to be accommodated by them.

On arrival we were greated by Tan, a very friendly and attentive waiter. I chose the Fresh Truffle Pasta and my partner chose his favourite  dish, the Spaghetti Carbonara, with a portion of Focaccia to share. I'm vegetarian and have an intolerance to chilli and mozzarella, so you can appreciate an Italian restaurant can be a challenge, but not so here, despite my dietary issues, i still had a couple of options.

It didn't arrive immediately, which, when it does, it always makes me wonder how fresh it is. The time it took was exactly as I'd expect if it were being prepared freshly. Not too long, just right. Were asked for the focaccia to arrive with the main course so we did have to wait for any food to arrive. This may have made the wait time feel less, if it came ahead of the main dish.

On arrival it looked beautiful, was delicious, hot and cooked perfectly. We were offered the sweet menu on completion, however decided to go for a tea and a hot chocolate to finish off the meal.

In total we spent around £30 - £40 per head, including a glass of wine each and 12.5% optional service charge.

Well worth it.

Thank you Tan, and thank you Faros.
Thanks to the whole team, Bilal was very attentive, he brought me my food, the penne alla arrabiata was delicious, as was the dessert, chocolate ice cream, vanilla and strawberry and a digestive at the end, a limonchello, everything was very nice, I thought the place was good and a good price
I literally can not wait to come back! Classic dishes made right! So fresh and tasty! Thee best service in London!
